Skip to main content
Personal Banking
Visa Credit Card
Our Visa credit card is convenient because you can spend now and pay later.
Personal BankingCard Visa Credit Card
PPCBANK VISA CREDIT CARD
Allows you to enjoy life’s pleasures with your spending!
PPCBank Visa Credit Card is an electronic card loaded with the latest
technology. It makes transactions more flexible for your spending needs, enabling cash withdrawals
worldwide from any ATM and payments via POS terminals.
You can access online payments easier and enjoy a wide range of benefits
and discounts from our merchants and other promotions wherever Visa is accepted.
KEY BENEFITS
Welcome cash back up to 5%
Get cash back rewards on all purchases cross currency (Oversea POS purchase Transaction).
Receive free instant notifications for every
transaction anywhere in the world
Tap and pay in seconds
Can be used domestically and internationally
wherever Visa is accepted
Easy to manage on PPCBank mobile app, including
card activation, card block, transaction management and more
Enjoy discount offers and promotions worldwide
REQUIREMENTS
Application must have a savings or current
account with PPCBank
Valid ID card or Passport
Note: * Term and condition apply
STANDARD FEES & CHARGES
Description | Credit Classic | Credit Gold
Issuing Fee | Free
Annual Fee (Principal) | USD 15 | USD 30
Annual Fee (Supplement) | USD 10 | USD 15
Card Replacement | USD 10
Purchase interest | 1.5% per month
Cash Advance Interest | 1.7% per month
Cash withdrawal at local bank ATMs | Min USD 5 or 2% of amount withdraw
Late Payment Fee | Min USD 10 or 5% of Minimum Monthly
Repayment
Cash withdrawal at PPCBank ATMs | Min USD 5 or 2% of amount withdraw
per transaction
Cash withdrawal at oversea bank ATMs | Min USD 5 per transaction or 2% of
amount withdrawn
Balance inquiry, transaction decline on insufficient
fund at
other bank ATMs | USD 0.50 per transaction
CARD SECURITY
With PPCBank it is easy to make sure your card is secure. Please
keep your card in a secure place. If you realize or suspect your card has been lost or stolen,
please call our customer service hotline at
0963 909 909 / 023 909 909 or reach
out through our live chat feature on the PPCBank Website.
After receiving the card:
Please sign the signature panel on the back
of the card
You can active your new card on PPCBank
Mobile App or ATM Machine
Keep your card in a secure place, if issue
occurs will response by cardholder
PIN Usage
Please memorize your PIN, do not write it
down
Do not let anyone use your card and do not
disclose your PIN to anyone
Please change your original PIN to one of
your choices on PPCBank Mobile app or at any PPCBank ATM.
Make sure your PIN is protected from being
viewed when using an ATM
Please do not share card information,
including full card number, expiry date, and security code (CVV Code) to anyone
Ready to have a PPCBank Visa Credit Card?
Visit any PPCBank branch with required
documents
For more information contact 0963 909
909 / 023 909 909
About PPCBank
×
Career
CSR Activities
News & Events
President Message
Corporate Information
Annual Reports
Financial Information
Disclosure Information
Branches & ATM Locator
Contact & Support